[Music]
[Music] now all the people of Judah took Isaiah
now all the people of Judah took Isaiah
now all the people of Judah took Isaiah who was 16 years old and made him King
who was 16 years old and made him King
who was 16 years old and made him King instead of his father a messiah he built
instead of his father a messiah he built
instead of his father a messiah he built Allah and restored it to Judah after the
Allah and restored it to Judah after the
Allah and restored it to Judah after the king rested with his father's as I was
king rested with his father's as I was
king rested with his father's as I was 16 years old when he became King and he
16 years old when he became King and he
16 years old when he became King and he reigned 52 years in Jerusalem his
reigned 52 years in Jerusalem his
reigned 52 years in Jerusalem his mother's name was Jack a liar of
mother's name was Jack a liar of
mother's name was Jack a liar of Jerusalem and he did what was right in
Jerusalem and he did what was right in
Jerusalem and he did what was right in the sight of the Lord according to all
the sight of the Lord according to all
the sight of the Lord according to all that his father a messiah had done he
that his father a messiah had done he
that his father a messiah had done he sought God in the days of Zechariah who
sought God in the days of Zechariah who
sought God in the days of Zechariah who had understanding in the visions of God
had understanding in the visions of God
had understanding in the visions of God and as long as he sought the Lord God
and as long as he sought the Lord God
and as long as he sought the Lord God made him prosper now he went out and
made him prosper now he went out and
made him prosper now he went out and made war against the Philistines and
made war against the Philistines and
made war against the Philistines and broke down the wall of Gath the wall of
broke down the wall of Gath the wall of
broke down the wall of Gath the wall of jab nur and the wall of Ashdod and he
jab nur and the wall of Ashdod and he
jab nur and the wall of Ashdod and he built cities around a start and among
built cities around a start and among
built cities around a start and among the Philistines God helped him against
the Philistines God helped him against
the Philistines God helped him against the Philistines against the Arabians who
the Philistines against the Arabians who
the Philistines against the Arabians who lived in ger Baio and against the mere
lived in ger Baio and against the mere
lived in ger Baio and against the mere night's also the ammonites brought
night's also the ammonites brought
night's also the ammonites brought tribute to Isaiah his fame spread as far
tribute to Isaiah his fame spread as far
tribute to Isaiah his fame spread as far as the entrance of Egypt for he became
as the entrance of Egypt for he became
as the entrance of Egypt for he became exceedingly strong and as ayah built
exceedingly strong and as ayah built
exceedingly strong and as ayah built towers in Jerusalem at the corner gate
towers in Jerusalem at the corner gate
towers in Jerusalem at the corner gate at the valley gate and at the corner
at the valley gate and at the corner
at the valley gate and at the corner buttress of the wall when he fortified
buttress of the wall when he fortified
buttress of the wall when he fortified also he built towers in the desert he
also he built towers in the desert he
also he built towers in the desert he dug many wells for he had much livestock
dug many wells for he had much livestock
dug many wells for he had much livestock both in the lowlands and in the plains
both in the lowlands and in the plains
both in the lowlands and in the plains he also had farmers and vine dresses in
he also had farmers and vine dresses in
he also had farmers and vine dresses in the mountains and in Carmel for he loved
the mountains and in Carmel for he loved
the mountains and in Carmel for he loved the soil
the soil
the soil moreover Isaiah had an army of fighting
moreover Isaiah had an army of fighting
moreover Isaiah had an army of fighting men who went out to war by companies
men who went out to war by companies
men who went out to war by companies according to the number on their role as
according to the number on their role as
according to the number on their role as prepared by Gao the scribe and Mayor Cyr
prepared by Gao the scribe and Mayor Cyr
prepared by Gao the scribe and Mayor Cyr the officer under the hand of Hananiah
the officer under the hand of Hananiah
the officer under the hand of Hananiah one of the Kings captains the total
one of the Kings captains the total
one of the Kings captains the total number of chief officers of the mighty
number of chief officers of the mighty
number of chief officers of the mighty men of valor was 2600 and under their
men of valor was 2600 and under their
men of valor was 2600 and under their authority was an army of three hundred
authority was an army of three hundred
authority was an army of three hundred and seven thousand five hundred that
and seven thousand five hundred that
and seven thousand five hundred that made war with mighty power to help the
made war with mighty power to help the
made war with mighty power to help the king against the enemy then Isaiah
king against the enemy then Isaiah
king against the enemy then Isaiah prepared for them for the entire army
prepared for them for the entire army
prepared for them for the entire army shields Spears helmets body armor bows
shields Spears helmets body armor bows
shields Spears helmets body armor bows and slings to cast stones and he made
and slings to cast stones and he made
and slings to cast stones and he made devices in Jerusalem invented by
devices in Jerusalem invented by
devices in Jerusalem invented by skillful men to be on the towers and the
skillful men to be on the towers and the
skillful men to be on the towers and the corners to shoot arrows and large stones
corners to shoot arrows and large stones
corners to shoot arrows and large stones so his fame spread far and wide for he
so his fame spread far and wide for he
so his fame spread far and wide for he was marvelously helped till he became
was marvelously helped till he became
was marvelously helped till he became strong
but when he was strong his heart was
but when he was strong his heart was lifted up to his destruction for he
lifted up to his destruction for he
lifted up to his destruction for he transgressed against the Lord his God by
transgressed against the Lord his God by
transgressed against the Lord his God by entering the temple of the Lord to burn
entering the temple of the Lord to burn
entering the temple of the Lord to burn incense on the altar of incense so
incense on the altar of incense so
incense on the altar of incense so Azariah the priest went in after him and
Azariah the priest went in after him and
Azariah the priest went in after him and with him were 80 priests of the Lord
with him were 80 priests of the Lord
with him were 80 priests of the Lord valiant men and they withstood King as
valiant men and they withstood King as
valiant men and they withstood King as ayah and said to him it is not for you
ayah and said to him it is not for you
ayah and said to him it is not for you as ayah to burn incense to the Lord but
as ayah to burn incense to the Lord but
as ayah to burn incense to the Lord but for the priests the sons of Aaron who
for the priests the sons of Aaron who
for the priests the sons of Aaron who were consecrated to burn incense get out
were consecrated to burn incense get out
were consecrated to burn incense get out of the sanctuary for you have trespassed
of the sanctuary for you have trespassed
of the sanctuary for you have trespassed you shall have no honor from the Lord
you shall have no honor from the Lord
you shall have no honor from the Lord God then as I became furious and he had
God then as I became furious and he had
God then as I became furious and he had a sensor in his hand to burn incense and
a sensor in his hand to burn incense and
a sensor in his hand to burn incense and while he was angry with the priests
while he was angry with the priests
while he was angry with the priests leprosy broke out on his forehead before
leprosy broke out on his forehead before
leprosy broke out on his forehead before the priests in the house of the Lord
the priests in the house of the Lord
the priests in the house of the Lord beside the incense altar and Azariah the
beside the incense altar and Azariah the
beside the incense altar and Azariah the chief priests and all the priests looked
chief priests and all the priests looked
chief priests and all the priests looked at him and there on his forehead he was
at him and there on his forehead he was
at him and there on his forehead he was leprous so they thrust him out of that
leprous so they thrust him out of that
leprous so they thrust him out of that place indeed he also hurried to get out
place indeed he also hurried to get out
place indeed he also hurried to get out because the Lord had struck him King as
because the Lord had struck him King as
because the Lord had struck him King as I was a leper until the day of his death
I was a leper until the day of his death
I was a leper until the day of his death he dwelt in an isolated house because he
he dwelt in an isolated house because he
he dwelt in an isolated house because he was a leper for he was cut off from the
was a leper for he was cut off from the
was a leper for he was cut off from the house of the Lord
house of the Lord
house of the Lord then Jotham his son was over the Kings
then Jotham his son was over the Kings
then Jotham his son was over the Kings house judging the people of the land now
house judging the people of the land now
house judging the people of the land now the rest of the acts of as IRA from
the rest of the acts of as IRA from
the rest of the acts of as IRA from first to last
first to last
first to last the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz wrote
the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz wrote
the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz wrote so Isaiah rested with his father's and
so Isaiah rested with his father's and
so Isaiah rested with his father's and they buried him with his father's in the
they buried him with his father's in the
they buried him with his father's in the field of burial which belonged to the
field of burial which belonged to the
field of burial which belonged to the kings for they said he is a leper then
kings for they said he is a leper then
kings for they said he is a leper then Jotham his son reigned in his place